---
id: recommended-rules
title: Recommended Ruleset
sidebar_label: Recommended Ruleset
hide_title: true
---

# Recommended Ruleset

A static code analysis tool can improve the quality of your source-code because it ensures "correct" coding-style across a project and also detects possible coding errors without any test executions. However, static analysis with its default configuration typically reports many issues. Some of these issues aren't applicable to your projects and are called "false positive". Most analysis tools have the capability to let users to enable/disable analysis rules that are actively used. You can try to determine which rules are really good matches for your projects. But a huge amount of issues makes it difficult to manually verify all of them.

For certain analysis tools listed in [Analysis tools including recommended ruleset generated by this algorithm](#analysis-tools-including-recommended-ruleset-generated-by-this-algorithm), Sider provides our recommended ruleset which can reduce false positives. The recommended ruleset is obtained through a classification of coding-style rules using K-means machine learning algorithm. We train the classifier to classify which rules should be addressed or not based on the number of commits where the issue (coding-style violation) is reported and fixed. A total of about 3.6 million commits over 1,000 popular OSS repositories were used in this study. This study is conducted in collaboration with Prof. Shingo TAKADA¹ of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan and Prof. Masataka NAGURA² of Nanzan University in Aichi, Japan.

Sider automatically applies the recommended ruleset for analysis tools listed [below](#analysis-tools-including-recommended-ruleset-generated-by-this-algorithm) when a configuration file doesn't exist in your repository. Since the recommended rulesets are available on our website, you can modify and place it in your repository as required for correct analysis of your projects.

## Analysis tools including recommended ruleset generated by this algorithm

- [cpplint](../tools/cplusplus/cpplint.md#recommended-ruleset)

¹ http://www.doi.ics.keio.ac.jp/research.html
² https://researchmap.jp/read0129611
