---
id: 201911
title: Sider Enterprise Release Note in November 2019
sidebar_label: November 2019
hide_title: true
---

# Sider Enterprise Release Note in November 2019

## release-201911.5

From this release, you don't have to set up **setaria** component, which was used for performing analyses. Instead, Sider runs **runners** with Docker directly. **Runners** are just containers that perform analyses and they were executed by **setaria** component before. You should still take care of the Docker host performance issues, but direct usage by Sider reduces the maintenance of another component.

In addition, the way of downloading Docker images has changed. AWS credentials (AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID and AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY) are required when downloading images and the image names are also changed. See [Get Docker Image](../installation.md#get-docker-image) for more details.

## How to upgrade

If you set up Sider with docker-compose, removes `setaria_web` and `setaria_worker` services from the `docker-compose.yml`. Also, you must allow `sideci_worker` to call Docker API. If you want to `sideci_worker` to access Docker via Unix socket, don't forget to attach Docker socket (e.g. `/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro`).

To upgrade to this release, the following environment variables are newly needed.

- [RUNNERS_TRACES_S3_BUCKET_NAME](../config.md#runners_traces_s3_bucket_name)
- [DOCKER_RUNNERS_CONFIG](../config.md#docker_runners_config)

See each link for more details.

Generally, You can upgrade Sider following the steps:

1. Download application images. See [Get Docker Image](../installation.md#get-docker-image)
2. Stop applications
3. Update release tags on `docker-compose.yml`.
   - Replace older release tags with `release-201911.5`
4. Add the following instruction to the `sideci_worker` service

```
volumes:
  - /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro
```

5. Remove `setaria_web` and `setaria_worker` services
6. Update the env file for `sideci_web` and `sideci_worker`
   and include `RUNNERS_TRACES_S3_BUCKET_NAME` and `DOCKER_RUNNERS_CONFIG`
7. Run migrations
   - **sideci** for `docker-compose run sideci_web bundle exec rails db:migrate`
   - **catpost** for `docker-compose run catpost_web bundle exec rails db:migrate`
8. Start applications
